Embedding gpu (#14253)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/semantic_search.md

### Jina AI CLIP

:::tip

> The CLIP models downloaded in ONNX format, this means they will be accelerated using GPU hardware when available depending on the docker build that is used. See [the object detector docs](../configuration/object_detectors.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLIP models are downloaded in ONNX format, which means they will be accelerated using GPU hardware when available. This depends on the Docker build that is used. See [the object detector docs](../configuration/object_detectors.md) for more information.
```
